julia: Correct secret-handshake mentoring notes (#2029)
exercism/website-copy: tracks/julia/exercises/secret-handshake/mentoring.md

Samyak's solution, with a nice, simple for loop.

Declaring `actions` as a const outside of the function avoids allocating it each time.

> Samyak could have declared `actions` within the function as a tuple instead, which would give the same or better performance and avoids defining a top-level constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One could declare `actions` within the function as a tuple instead, which would give the same or better performance and avoids defining a top-level constant.
```

This may sound a bit friendlier because it doesn't "blame" Samyak. Feel free to merge as it is if you disagree, though
